(upbeat music)
- I would describe Duke
culture as diverse, excellent,
and inclusive and supportive.
Can I add more? (laughs)
- I would describe it as compassionate.
- Great teamwork.
- I would say it's innovative.
- It's growth-centered.
- Family-oriented and friendly.
(upbeat music)
- What's made Duke great for
me is all of the experience
that I was able to get.
Coming in, I was a part-time
clerical employee in the lab,
and I was able to move
around and promote within.
So if I wanted to describe the people
here at Duke Health,
I would say caring
and they're supportive,
especially the management staff here.
In 2012, I lost my son, and I looked up
and I noticed that my manager at the time
had closed the department
so that my immediate peers
could attend and
support me at the funeral.
So at that time is when I really realized
that I was more than just someone at Duke
with a Duke unique ID.
- One thing Duke has always done,
I've found is always asking,
what do you need to do your job?
And they expect a real answer.
It's just not, no,
everything's fine, great, thank you.
They really wanna know how you're feeling
and know what do you need.
- There's so many
things that make you proud
for working here, so many things.
The differences we
make each and every day
that your teams, other teams make,
that just makes you so
very proud to work here.
- Every day we have a
chance to help somebody.
Our patients come to us with some sort of
life threatening situation
that we're able to help them.
And that makes me feel good.
- Being born and raised in Durham,
I had always loved Duke and always dreamt
of having a career at Duke.
When one of my patients
ended up in the hospital
and I found out there was an opening,
it just kinda seemed meant to be.
Duke automatically put me
in a nurse residency program,
which was the support
and mentorship program.
For me, it was really
about feeling supported,
utilizing the skills that
I learned in nursing school
and being able to
apply them in my workforce,
what I'm doing day to day.
- I think one thing that
kind of just continually
makes me proud to be
here is every time I've gone
to a conference and presented work
or just shared with an
external organization,
one question they
always ask is with quality,
how did you get managers and directors
and executive leaders to support you?
And my answer has always been like,
I didn't have to, they already did.
I work with so many innovative people.
I get to hear so many
cool ideas that people have
that they wanna try and implement
and I get to help support them do that.
- If you wanna join Duke Health,
you need to know that respect for all
and a sense of belonging is
foundational to how we think
and how we act.
When people feel valued,
feel like they have a voice,
that's when they wake up with a smile,
go to bed with a smile
and that's what we want
and that's how we get connections
throughout the continuum of care
that make this place incredibly special
and like no other in North Carolina.
- Our culture is one
that we want to make sure
everyone feels
respected, that they belong here.
So one of our goals here is to help
people find joy in work.
Have you ever heard of such?
That's a big undertaking and part of that
is creating a culture
where people feel nurtured.
They feel valued, they feel seen.
When we're coming to a
place that makes a difference
in so many people's lives,
that's the culture of Duke.